Add docs for how to recompile for Electron (#118)
MadLittleMods/node-usb-detection: README.md

[electron-rebuild]: https://github.com/electron/electron-rebuild
[electron-native-modules]: https://www.electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/using-native-node-modules

> ### Known problems using with electron:

Reviewer: I think this heading might be a little misleading and unnecessary. There aren't problems using this library with Electron (it works great!). If you encounter this error, it means _your own project_ isn't set up correctly

Author: Thank you, I agree with you and going to change that!

> - If you try to use `usb-detection` with [electron](https://www.electronjs.org/), you run into the following error. You can follow the steps below to resolve the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try to use `usb-detection` in Electron without recompiling using `electron-rebuild`, you will encounter an error similar to:
```

Author: @MadLittleMods and @mcous this way look accurate for you?

### Additional information:
- If you try to use `usb-detection` in Electron without recompiling using `electron-rebuild`, you will encounter an error similar to:
    ```
    detection.node was compiled against a different Node.js version using NODE_MODULE_VERSION 72. This version of Node.js requires NODE_MODULE_VERSION 80. Please try re-compiling or re-installing
    ```

    Is possible that your project isn't correctly set up. You can try to solve this problem following next steps:

    1. `npm i electron-rebuild --save-dev`
    1. `./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild`

Reviewer 2: @carboleda The original wording sounds more clear to me, https://github.com/MadLittleMods/node-usb-detection/pull/118/files#r493182159

    ```
    detection.node was compiled against a different Node.js version using NODE_MODULE_VERSION 72. This version of Node.js requires NODE_MODULE_VERSION 80. Please try re-compiling or re-installing
    ```

    You can solve this problem following next steps:

    1. If you have not installed electron-rebuild just install it with the command: `npm i -D electron-rebuild`
    1. Remove from the `node_modules` folder the `usb-detection` folder.
    1. Remove the file `package-lock.json`, this is suggested for ensure a clean installation, but you can try first without remove it.
    1. Run `npm i` to install non-installed modules.
    1. And finally run `./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild`

    It is very important to run `./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild` directly after `npm i`. This is important because `usb-detection` must be installed to be rebuilt for electron target version.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we can simplify this down to:

```
If you run into the following error, here are the exact steps you can use:
\```
detection.node was compiled against a different Node.js version using NODE_MODULE_VERSION 72. This version of Node.js requires NODE_MODULE_VERSION 80. Please try re-compiling or re-installing
\```

 1. `npm i electron-rebuild --save-dev`
 1. `./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild`
```

Reviewer 2: @mcous does this look accurate?

Reviewer 2: @mcous Thanks for checking over this!

Author: Ok guys, I going to follow their advice and update the PR. Thanks for advice me!

Make sure you call `usbDetect.startMonitoring()` before any calls to `usbDetect.find()`.

# Known problems:

> ### If you are using this dependency with electron.js is posible that you see an error similar to: *detection.node was compiled against a different Node.js version using NODE_MODULE_VERSION 72. This version of Node.js requires NODE_MODULE_VERSION 80. Please try re-compiling or re-installing*

Reviewer 2: Let's put this in a code block so the heading isn't so long/big.

Here is how I would format things

```
### Use with Electron (mismatched `NODE_MODULE_VERSION`)

If you try to use `usb-detection` with [electron](https://www.electronjs.org/), you run into the following error. You can follow the steps below to resolve the problem.

\```
detection.node was compiled against a different Node.js version using NODE_MODULE_VERSION 72. This version of Node.js requires NODE_MODULE_VERSION 80. Please try re-compiling or re-installing
\```

 1. ...
 1. ...
```

You can solve this problem using the command below:
```shell
./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild

> ```

Reviewer 2: Let's just remove this shortcut as people will know where to skip ahead by looking at the steps

Steps:

- If you have not installed electron-rebuild just install it with the command: `npm i -D electron-rebuild`

> - Remove from the `node-modules` folder the `usb-detection` folder.

Reviewer 2: typo: `node_modules`

Reviewer 2: > Remove `usb-detection` from the `node_modules` directory.

> - Remove the file `packages-lock.json`

Reviewer 2: typo: `package-lock.json`

Reviewer 2: Why is it necessary to remove from the `package-lock.json`?

Author: Are exactly steps that I did do, but I have changed the redaction to indicate it as suggestion

- Run `npm i` to install non-installed modules

> - And finally run `./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild`

Reviewer 2: Let's use a numbered list for the steps `1.`

> It is very important to run `./node_modules/.bin/electron-rebuild` directly after `npm i`.

Reviewer 2: Why is important to do it directly after?

What happens if I dont?

Author: This is important because `usb-detection` must be installed to be rebuilt for electron target version. I have added this in a new commit.
